# CS320

1. Can ensure that the program is functional and secure by testing early and often. If the mistkes are caught early, they are much easier to correct and the program will come together with much greater ease. In order to make sure that it's completely functional, ones own biases must be pushed aside and the codes should be run with the mindset that you're an independent tester. It's important to cover for as many scenarios and edge cases as possible. As for security, SecDevOps is an ongoing process that should be utilized throughout the entire process, hopefully in collaboration with security experts. Tools like statically run vulnerability assessments using data from WASP can also be very helpful.

2. Successfully incorporating the user's wants and needs into the program can be challenging. People aren't always clear in their explanations of what they want, and even beyond that, they might not even be clear on what they really want in the first place. That's why it's important, like in testing and security to make it an ongoing process utilized throughout the SDLC to collaborate with the users to ensure that their wants and needs will in fact be met.

3. My approach to designing software starts out with a very general and basic outline of what the program should look like. I then build small pieces of this program and continually test them throughout the project. Once I get one piece done, I expand on it, making the program more useful and more complex until finally the program is finished with all of the smaller projects working seamlessly together. 
